JL_tutorial_4_5 (#351)
nens/threedi-docs: source/e_2d_flood_adaptation_tutorial.rst

Add a barrier to your simulation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
As you have seen earlier in this tutorial, the inundation without a barrier reaches a level of 2.35 mMsl. To make sure the barrier is high enough, place a barrier with a height of 2.5 mMsl at the designated area. Now that we know where the barrier needs to be placed and how high the barrier needs to be, it is time to add it to our simulation:

#) Click the :ref:`flood_barrier_tool_3di_live` button (|barrier_tool|).

#)	Fill in the height of 2.5 mMsl.

#)	Click *Draw on map*.

#)	Draw a barrier on the map with the location shown in the figure below. If you are finished drawing, click on *Confirm*. 

#)	Select the barrier using the Selection tool to check if the height is correct and see what the length of the placed barrier is.

#)	Start the simulation and let it run for 1 hour.

> #)	To make a quick comparison, make a screenshot of the results and past this next to the screenshot of the model without barrier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#)	To make a quick comparison, take a screenshot of the results and paste it next to the screenshot of the model without barrier. Did the flood barrier properly protect the urban area?
```
